[chore][processor/transform] clarify aggregate_on_attributes docs (#46016)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/transformprocessor/README.md

`aggregate_on_attributes(function, Optional[attributes])`

> The `aggregate_on_attributes` function aggregates all datapoints in the metric. `function` is a case-sensitive string that represents the aggregation function and `attributes` is an optional list of datapoint attribute keys to keep (group by).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aggregate_on_attributes` function aggregates all datapoints in the metric. `function` is a case-sensitive string that specifies the aggregation function, and `attributes` is an optional list of datapoint attribute keys to retain (group by).
```
